c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Atari Breakout\Atari Breakout\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\BreakoutFont.xnb
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Atari Breakout\Atari Breakout\bin\Debug\net8.0\Atari Breakout.exe
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Atari Breakout\Atari Breakout\bin\Debug\net8.0\Atari Breakout.deps.json
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Atari Breakout\Atari Breakout\bin\Debug\net8.0\Atari Breakout.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Atari Breakout\Atari Breakout\bin\Debug\net8.0\Atari Breakout.dll
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Atari Breakout\Atari Breakout\bin\Debug\net8.0\Atari Breakout.pdb
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Atari Breakout\Atari Breakout\bin\Debug\net8.0\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Atari Breakout\Atari Breakout\bin\Debug\net8.0\NVorbis.dll
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Atari Breakout\Atari Breakout\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libopenal.so.1
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Atari Breakout\Atari Breakout\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libopenal.1.dylib
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Atari Breakout\Atari Breakout\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\soft_oal.dll
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Atari Breakout\Atari Breakout\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\soft_oal.dll
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Atari Breakout\Atari Breakout\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Atari Breakout\Atari Breakout\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libSDL2.dylib
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Atari Breakout\Atari Breakout\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\SDL2.dll
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Atari Breakout\Atari Breakout\obj\Debug\net8.0\Atari Breakout.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Atari Breakout\Atari Breakout\obj\Debug\net8.0\Atari Breakout.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Atari Breakout\Atari Breakout\obj\Debug\net8.0\Atari Breakout.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Atari Breakout\Atari Breakout\obj\Debug\net8.0\Atari Breakout.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Atari Breakout\Atari Breakout\obj\Debug\net8.0\Atari Breakout.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Atari Breakout\Atari Breakout\obj\Debug\net8.0\Atari Br.56E661A7.Up2Date
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Atari Breakout\Atari Breakout\obj\Debug\net8.0\Atari Breakout.dll
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Atari Breakout\Atari Breakout\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Atari Breakout.dll
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Atari Breakout\Atari Breakout\obj\Debug\net8.0\Atari Breakout.pdb
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Atari Breakout\Atari Breakout\obj\Debug\net8.0\Atari Breakout.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Atari Breakout\Atari Breakout\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Atari Breakout.dll
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Atari Breakout\Atari Breakout\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\BreakoutFontSmall.xnb
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Atari Breakout\Atari Breakout\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\HeartSprite.xnb
